# add_tech
Master's Thesis (MT) of the topic "Development of mathematical models based on neural networks for controlling the manufacturing process of products for the rocket and space industry". 
Alexander Kudriavtsev is an author of this thesis. He is 2nd year master's student оf the major "Computer Science and Computer Engineering" (#09.04.01) of the Institute of Information Technology and Computer Science (ITKN) National Research Technological University (NUST) MISIS. The thesis statement consists of an introduction, three sections, a conclusion, a list of used sources and literature, and appendices. The introduction reveals the relevance of the chosen topic, describes the goals and objectives of this thesis, reveals the theoretical and practical significance of this topic.
The first chapter presents a hypothesis about the possibility of correcting the parameters of the product when creating conditions for thermal hardening directly during its manufacture by the additive method, in particular, electron beam depositing of wire in vacuum, the theoretical foundations of the processes under consideration, including an overview of modern approaches and solutions, as well as existing problems. 
In the second chapter, the methods of solving the problem and the basic principles of data collection and approaches to creating models using thermal conductivity equations describing the physical phenomena under consideration are considered.
The third chapter describes models both for determining the initial level (base-line) and models based on neural networks (MLP and LSTM), including examples of training such networks and the results of predicting the parameters of the surfacing process using trained networks. 
In conclusion, the results of the model are summarized and conclusions are formulated confirming the correctness of the hypothesis about the possibility of thermal hardening of the product, directly during the additive manufacturing process. 
